Please email this to Ben and Michael, before March 3 at the beginning of lab. Put yours and your partner's name in the subject of that email along with lab section.

This will be the majority of your grade that day. Answers should be shorter rather than longer. Find a photo of your persona and attach it to the email when you send it. Keep the photo and this information for your records, you will need them again.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Partner names (alphabetical please)
Christopher Jaeger, Pol Llovet
Lab Section
2? (2:00)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Is your persona male or female? 
Female

How old are they?
27 (going on 45)

Are they single, or in a relationship?
Single, generally

Any kids or roommates?
Yes (roommates, not kids)

Do they work at home or in an office, or outside?
Work in an office

Do they work for themselves, or for someone else?
For someone else

What job do they have?
Law Clerk (who wants to be a librarian)

Perhaps they want a different job, or want to work outside. Are they happy with their job, or are they still figuring out what they want to do?
They are on the fence, but would ideally like to find a position at a large municipal library.

Do they work weekends?
Never

Do they have a laptop, and if so, what kind?
Yes, a macbook (covered in stickers of indie bands and random things)

Do they text?
Yes

Do they care about Facebook or Twitter?
Kind of

Do they drink coffee?
Aggresively

How computer- and web-literate are they?
Computer savvy but not a computer expert

Do they shop online for other purchases?
Yes

What kind of music do they like, and do they have a favorite genre or band?
Indie music, favorites change yearly, generally it is whatever Pitchfork likes 
(currently: Animal Collective)

Did they go to or finish college, and if so, what was their area of interest?
Yes, bachelors in information science (library studies), minor in western philosophy

If they are in school currently, do they read anything besides textbooks?
Yes, but they aren't in school

If they are not in school, do they read mostly for business or pleasure?
Pleasure

If for pleasure, how many books a month do they read?
2.783

Where do most of these books come from (store, online, library, friends, etc)?
Friends, online, and library

What kind of car or bike do they have, or do they walk?
Bike with a basket on the front and a silver daisy clipped to the handlebar

Are they physically active, or like sports of any kind?
Moderately physically active, but not sporting

Are they in a band, or in any other group activity, or are they more the quiet type?
Quiet type, but enjoys social gatherings with like-minded hipsters (in Williamsburg)

At their job, do they make enough money, or do they supplement their income in another way?
They make enough money

What is their income level; low, medium or high?
low/medium

Do they have pets?
Yes

If so, what are the pet's names?
Cat and a medium sized aquarium of Triops

What is your persona's first name? (First name only)
Mazurka (goes by Mazzy)

Could they come to a book store and shop during the weekday, or could they come only after work, or on the weekend?
after work and on the weekend

Would they be more likely to visit the store in the morning, around lunch, in the afternoon, or in the evening?
Evening

Do they have a lot of discretionary income, or are they on a budget?
On a budget

If your persona walked into your store, would they browse first or head directly to the coffee and wireless?
Browse first

If they browse, are they really killing time until they can get the coffee and wireless, or are they really browsing?
Really browsing (quirky store, how curious!)

Do they feel uncomfortable visiting the store and not purchasing anything?
No, she is used to being picky

Does the store have just coffee or an espresso bar with a barista?
Just coffee.

Does the store have any food or snacks?
No.

Is there outside seating?
Yes (bench)

Would your persona sit alone or make conversation with another patron, an employee or the owners?
Sit alone, but takes part in conversations

Your persona may work or relax while having coffee. Would they mind being disturbed by another patron, an employee or the owners?
No.  In fact, she relishes chance encounters, but doesn't initiate them.

Your persona may intend to purchase of books/magazines before even walking in to the store, or purchasing may be an impulse decision after browsing. How long would your persona stay on an average visit?
Generally 15-30 minutes to check new arrivals, occasionally will stay longer to work or socialize.

Was your persona ever in the store before Sam and Sara took over?
No.

What is your persona's last name? (last name only)
Pashalek

Do they live or work in or near Missoula, or somewhere else?
Somewhere else

Would they need a map or directions to the store?
Yes, though she is used to using google maps to find things

If the store had a workshop/talk/community event, would your persona attend if the event was relevant to them?
Yes

Would they participate, or stand at the back and not become involved?
Stand at the back

Would your persona see people they knew when they visited to shop or attend events, or are they there to meet people?
Occasionally, say, 50% of the time

Is your persona attractive?
Yes?  

On the web site, would your persona look at a calendar of events, or would their visits be more spontaneous?
Both

Would your persona want to receive tweets or become a facebook fan of the store, or be added to an email list?
Email list, and would subscribe to tweets (but is quick to unsubscribe if gets spammy)

Would your persona think differently about the above if there were an incentive like a coupon for coffee or a price discount?
No, not interested in that.

Does your persona care about keeping money in the community, or will purchase decisions be made solely on price?
Yes, but is more interested in aesthetics than politics

Would your persona be interested in and advanced enough in their field of interest to give a workshop or talk?
No.

Your persona may have questions for the owners or staff. What would be their number one question? (answer in the form of a question; i.e, how, who, when, what, why...)
How did you find such a complete selection of hard-to-find books for this subject matter?

What's another question they would have for the owners/staff?
What's the wifi password?

If your persona could build the web site themselves, what would be the feature or area of interest they would want to make the site covered?
She would want to see new/interesting books


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Summarize the following information:

Persona's name (first and last): Mazurka Pashalek

Age: 27

Job: Law Clerk (who wants to be a librarian)

Relationship/family status: Single

Income level: low-middle income

Number one question for the owners: Why?!  This is amazing!

Number two question: What is the wifi password (and what blend is in the coffee pot)?

Persona's site content request: New/interesting (featured) books

Find a photo of the persona and attach it to the email.


- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
end of persona form

